# Membership

We currently have 15 paid up members. 

Are we now moving to new member procedure laid out in articles of
association?

# We have money

How much?

# Directors' report

Directors have been doing stuff. They will tell us what those things
are.

# Review of actions 

People were supposed to do stuff. They will now report on if they did
or not.

ACTION: Rowan will update the socail media stuff to point t contact@
ACTION: Ed: intro workshop
ACTION: badges

## Bank account

Tom

## Passwords 

Someone was supposed to be collecting these...

## contact@ email address

Iain was to create this and Rowan was to switch the social media
accounts to use it.

Details should be supplied on how to send emails through @57north.co accounts.

## Emails notifying people of their actions

Iain and Tom were volunteered to make this happen. 

## Marketting materials

Iain was to make posters. 

Tom was to make business cards.

# Make It Glo workshop

Will have happened by the time of the meeting. There will be an after
action report here.

# Hack'n'Make

Happening on Sunday 11th May. 

We will have space to show off projects and/or run workshop(s). 

There are plans afoot to run a workshop making a badge from our logo. 

Tom is coordinating. 

# Rack
We have a new rack. There is stuff in it.
Keys/3D printed handle?
Documentation is on the wiki page.

# Compute cluster
We still have one. It still needs some work to make it do stuff.

# Break in

The space was broken into. More details at http://adventurist.me/posts/0016 

We are looking at making it harder for this to happen again, and
adding some recording from cameras covering at least the door to give
a record if it does.

There are now keys for the front door in the space (on a hook by the
door attached to some old RAM) - if you're the last person out please
take one and lock the door when you leave, then take the key back next
time you're in.

# Joining Make Aberdeen 

We could get a small business membership of Make Aberdeen to give all
members of 57N access to the Make machines at member.

# Cooperation with Satrosphere

At the Satrosphere take over night one of the folks there expressed an
interest in looking at ways we could team up with them to do stuff
(hold workshops, have our own take over night, other).

# Central hub for photos/media

Could do with a canonical place to collect photos and other media
related to the space.

Iain will be looking at setting up phTagr (http://www.phtagr.org/)

Could use a Flickr group. Iain doesn't like this idea.

Shell suggested MediaGoblin http://mediagoblin.org/. Iain notes that this software is only available under a non-free license.

# Themed Thursdays

These have been happening. More are planned. 

Could do with getting them onto the calendar and promoted to other places. 

Also the list on the website is static so finding then next one means
you need to know the current date and do a bit of reading. Could do
with a volunteer to make the list automatically updated (and that
volunteer might have to be Iain).

# New Member Procedure

What things need to happen for new members?

# Keys

Do we have enough?
Carl will attempt to get keys back from Stephan

# Space clean up

We need to clean up the space, will need to warn folk that they should tidy up and anything left out and not claimed should be considered at risk. Will need to confirm a date...

# AOCB

Anything else?

# Next meeting

When?



